Clarifications (#37)
suit-wg/suit-mti: draft-ietf-suit-mti.md

Authors MUST implement all MTI profiles. Authors MAY implement any number of other profiles.

> This specification uses AES-CTR with a digest algorithm, as defined in ({{-ctrcbc}}), to support firmware updates on constrained IoT devices. These devices typically rely on flash memory, which requires the ability to receive and decrypt blocks out of order.

Reviewer: I think that this is too vague. I didn't think it was that we used flash memory that was the issue, but rather that the wasn't space (RAM) to receive and also decrypt the entire payload at once.    I thought it was that the device had to receive some payload to RAM (via HTTP Range request, or CoAP block mode), decrypt it, and *then* store it to flash.  The hash gets calculated after it's all decrypted and double buffered to flash.

```suggestion
This specification uses AES-CTR with a digest algorithm, as defined in ({{-ctrcbc}}), to support firmware updates on constrained IoT devices. These devices typically are limited in RAM, and can not store the entire update before decrypting parts to store in flash memory.  The ability to receive and decrypt blocks out of order enables reliable reception of all blocks.
```
